pctl version isn't correct (#241)
weaveworks/pctl: README.md

   correct by doing something like: `git log --first-parent tag1..tag2`._

1. PR the release notes into main.

> _Note_ that you should also update the `var Version` in `pkg/version/release.go` file with the same tag which is created in the following step
> This should be automated with #233

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You need to update the `var Version` in `pkg/version/release.go` file with the same tag which is created in the following step. This should be automated with #233
```

idk if this formatted correctly so double check :smile:
